Sample code for Nexus messaging (#457)
temporalio/samples-go: nexus-messaging/callerpattern/README.md

## Caller pattern

The handler worker starts a `GreetingWorkflow` for a user ID.
The Nexus handler holds that ID and routes every Nexus operation to it.

> The caller's input does not have that workflow ID as the caller doesn't know it -- but the caller sends in the User ID,

Reviewer: In our docs we try to always capitalize `Workflow ID`, can we make sure `Workflow ID` and `User ID` are both always capitalized in these README's? (user ID is inconsistently capitalized in this file)

> and the handler knows how to get the desired workflow ID from that User ID (see the `GetWorkflowID` call).

Reviewer: nit: sentence is a little run-on-y, maybe something like 
```suggestion
The caller’s input doesn’t include the Workflow ID because it isn’t known. Instead, the caller provides the User ID, and the handler derives the Workflow ID from it (see `GetWorkflowID`).
```

The handler worker uses the same `GetWorkflowID` call to generate a workflow ID from a user ID when it launches the workflow.

The caller workflow:
1. Queries for supported languages (`getLanguages` -- backed by a query handler)
2. Changes the language to Arabic (`setLanguage` -- backed by an update handler that calls an activity)
3. Confirms the change via a second query (`getLanguage`)
4. Approves the workflow (`approve` -- backed by a signal handler)

### Running

Start a Temporal server:

```bash
temporal server start-dev
```

Create the namespaces and Nexus endpoint:

```bash
temporal operator namespace create --namespace my-target-namespace
temporal operator namespace create --namespace my-caller-namespace

temporal operator nexus endpoint create \
  --name my-nexus-endpoint-name \
  --target-namespace my-target-namespace \
  --target-task-queue my-handler-task-queue
```

> In one terminal, staare thrt the handler worker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In one terminal, start the handler worker:
```

```bash
go run ./nexus-messaging/callerpattern/handler/worker/main.go
```

In a second terminal, start the caller worker:

```bash
go run ./nexus-messaging/callerpattern/caller/worker/main.go
```

> In a third terminal, start the caller workflow:

Reviewer: I think "start the caller workflow" can be a slightly confusing/ambiguous usage of the word "workflow", I would say something like 
```suggestion
In a third terminal, run the following command to start the example
```
